How to Upgrade an EKS Cluster using Terraform
The following steps are needed to successfully upgrade an EKS cluster to a new version. 

Read the new version's release notes to determine the breaking changes and whether the upgrade will require creating a new cluster. If the upgrade doesn't require the creation of a new cluster, use the "In-Place Upgrade" steps; otherwise, use "New Cluster Creation Upgrade".

In-Place Upgrade
Update the version of the module "aws-stack".
Fix any breaking changes to other configurations
Run TFE via Jules to completion

New Cluster Creation Upgrade
Create a new folder duplicating all the subdirectory contents of the current cluster's configurations. For example, copy the contents of the "eks5" folder, creating a new one called "eks6".
Update the version of the module "aws-stack" in "eks6".
Add the terraform version for "eks6" in Jenkinsfile.
Change the terraform command for "eks6" to "apply" in Jenkinsfile.
Add a subdirectory mapping for "eks6" in Jenkinsfile.
Fix any breaking changes to other configurations in "eks6".
Scale all data loader deployments  in "eks5" down to 0 replicas
Update the snapshots for "eks6" to the latest  in the environment variable file 
Run TFE via Jules to completion to create an "eks6" cluster. Choose NO to enable the global domain.
Download the TFE logs and run the python script "yaml_extractor.py" to create a "gridgain-pv-pvc.yaml" file.
Apply the kube config "gridgain-pv-pvc.yaml"
Run the Jules for "infra-cloud" on the "eks6" cluster to create the base Kubernetes configurations.
Deploy Gridgain to the "eks6" cluster
Deactivate the GridGain Cluster for "eks6".
Deploy all the data loaders and scale their deployments down to 0 replicas
Reactivate the GridGain Cluster for "eks6".
Deploy the rest of the apps to the "eks6" cluster.
Run a PQ integration test against the "eks6" cluster to verify that the cluster is in good condition.
Run TFE via Jules for the "eks5" cluster. Choose NO to enable the global domain.
Run TFE via Jules for the "eks6" cluster. Choose YES to enable the global domain.
Deactivate GridGain in "eks5" and scale it down to 0 replicas for both statefulsets.
Scale down Gridgain Control Center Backend deployment in "eks5" to 0 replicas.
Decommission the "eks5" cluster by running Jules for infra-pathfinder using the terraform command "destroy".


